usb-to-ethernet and usb-to-serial section (#103)
NethServer/nethsecurity-docs: remote_access.rst

To obtain the list of available keymaps, execute the following command: ::

  ls -1 /usr/share/keymaps/ | cut -d'.' -f1

Serial console 
==============

If the machine has a serial port (RS-232, tipically available with DE-9 connector or RJ45/8P8C connector) it's possible to access the firewall directly through it using a null-modem cable and a terminal program.
``PuTTY`` (version 0.60 or higher) is a common choice if you are using Microsoft Windows, while Linux distros offer tools as ``minicom``, ``picocom``, or ``screen``. 

Default acces parameters for NethSecurity 8 are:

- Baud rate: 115200,
- Data bits:8
- Parity :None
- Stop bits to 1 

These last three parameters are often abbreviated as 8N1

USB-to-Serial Adapters
----------------------

In case of need, NethSecurity can be used to access another server via the serial console. If the hardware does not have an RS-232 port, USB-to-serial adapters can be used. 
For this reason, it is possible to download and install drivers for the most common adapters on NethSecurity. These drivers are provided as-is and are **not supported by Nethesis** (if using an Enterprise or Subscription version).

.. warning::

>  These packages/kernel modules are not preserved across image upgrades, so in the event of an upgrade, you will need to download and install them again if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Extra packages, including kernel modules, are not preserved across image upgrades, so in the event of an upgrade, you will need to download and install them again if needed.
```
